CCC: Introduce generic firmware chapter (#35)
chargebyte/chargebyte-docs: docs/source/firmware.rst

.. _firmware.rst:

.. include:: ../../includes/firmware_upgrade.inc

Partitioning
-------------

> The internal eMMC storage of a chargebyte device is divided into several partitions. The main aim is to have two independent systems available, i.e. system A and system B. This allows to run firmware updates in background while performing normal charging operation and then switch to the updated system with a fast restart of the device. This also allows to support a rollback mechanism in case of failures during firmware updates. In other words, during a firmware update, the active root file system switches from A to B or vice versa, leaving the other as rollback.

Reviewer: I know this text is not part of the changes in the PR, but let me suggest improvements anyway:
```suggestion
The internal eMMC storage of a chargebyte device is divided into several partitions. The main aim is to have two independent systems available, i.e. system A and system B. This allows running firmware updates in the background while performing normal charging operation, and then switching to the updated system with a fast restart of the device. This also allows supporting a rollback mechanism in case of failures during firmware updates. In other words, during a firmware update, the active root file system switches from A to B or vice versa, leaving the other as rollback.
```

- Please ensure that you have at least installed chargebyte\'s proprietary charging stack v3.x.x,
  before switching your board to EVerest and that this firmware booted once before the update.

>   Latest firmware can be found here:

Reviewer: Well, it cannot actually be "found" there, it needs to be requested, right?

Author: I'm not sure this is a permission issue or a misunderstanding. Under the URL there should be a link called "Legacy software stack" and under this link there should be a link to the firmware 3.6.2.

What do you see?
